So because we're going to have a lot of different screens, it is important to have a central class
in this case, an enum class that will contain the root of all the screens we're going to have in this
app.
And then let's go ahead and start adding a few imams here.
Let's go ahead and start adding a few properties.
The first one is going to be a splash screen search.
OK.
And then another, it's going to be the log in screen, then create account screen.
Know home.
We will have a search screen.
Detail screen update.
And.
These stats screen as such.
So instead of this in, I'm going to create a companion object, a companion.
And here we're going to add a function.
This function here will be responsible for routing things out seamlessly from fruit.
Such and, of course, is going to expect a fruit type string.
So when I call in like that.
And then this will of course, inherit from our readers reader.
So we have access to our reader screens.
They're very good.
So we're going to just set this directly to one expression.
So we're going to say here, we're going to look at the root garden, although if the substring before
going to put the delimiter here for, it's so it's going to look at the root and then decide what to
point to.
So in our case here we have a splash screen that name.
If we get that name of splash screen, then we're going to point that or set that to our splash screen,
our splash screen here in this section.
OK.
And then when I look at the log in screen, get that name.
That's the case.
Then we're going to point that to a log in screen.
Notice that I'm getting the actual composable log in screen such and for the create account screen that
name so that to create account to screen as such.
And they're going to continue search screen, detailed screen and some app data screen name said that
to update.
Screen such and reader stats.
Readers start screening, I say, OK.
And if it's Snow White or whatever we're getting in our route is.
Then we are going to just say, Well, let's just go to our home screen.
Well, let's see your home screen like this, OK?
Else, in any other case, we are just going to go ahead and throw a legal argument exception to say
that the route to you trying to get to which is going to meet this route strain is not recognized.
All we're doing here is just mapping everything with the route so that when we have our navigation,
we can just go ahead and get the screens that we want one navigate to splash screen.
Of course, we say readers get this black screen.
It will know exactly how to map that to the correct route.
And that means we need to also make this Nullarbor section.
All right, there we have it.
So now we have our readers screen.
So all of these screens that we may have for want to add more screens here.
You can come here and of course, add them as in.
This makes it really easy to then extend our application because your app may grow in such a way that
you will need more screens, and that case will know exactly where to go to add those screens.
All right, so what are we going to do next?
Well, next we are going to put together the navigation.
Now we starting from really the basics, the ground up because we need to get this navigation set up.
That way, we don't have to worry about it ever again.
All right.
How soon, next?
VIDEO.